NGINX, MySQL, CoreDNS - Docker, Kubernetes, ECS instructions (#8760)
DataDog/integrations-core: nginx/README.md

```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Docker" xxx -->

#### Docker

To configure this check for an Agent running on a container:

##### Metric collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][19] as Docker labels on your application container:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names"='["nginx"]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs"='[{}]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.instances"='[{"nginx_status_url": "http://%%host%%:81/nginx_status/"}]'
```

**Note**: This instance configuration works only with NGINX Open Source. If you are using NGINX Plus, inline the corresponding instance configuration.

#### Log collection

_Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Docker log collection documentation][17].

Then, set [Log Integrations][18] as Docker labels:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.logs"='[{"source":"nginx","service":"nginx"}]'
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Kubernetes" xxx -->

#### Kubernetes

To configure this check for an Agent running on Kubernetes:

##### Metric collection

> Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][8] as pod annotations on your application container. Aside from this, you can also configure templates with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][20].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][8] as pod annotations on your application container. Alternatively, you can configure templates with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][20].
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.check_names: '["nginx"]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.init_configs: '[{}]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.instances: |
      [
        {
          "nginx_status_url":"http://%%host%%:81/nginx_status/"
        }
      ]
  labels:
    name: nginx
spec:
  containers:
    - name: nginx
```

**Note**: This instance configuration works only with NGINX Open Source. If you are using NGINX Plus, inline the corresponding instance configuration.

#### Log collection

_Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Kubernetes log collection documentation][21].

> Then, set [Log Integrations][22] as pod annotations. You can also configure this with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][23].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, set [Log Integrations][22] as pod annotations. Alternatively, you can configure this with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][23].
```

```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Docker" xxx -->

#### Docker

To configure this check for an Agent running on a container:

##### Metric collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][19] as Docker labels on your application container:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names"='["nginx"]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs"='[{}]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.instances"='[{"nginx_status_url": "http://%%host%%:81/nginx_status/"}]'
```

**Note**: This instance configuration works only with NGINX Open Source. If you are using NGINX Plus, inline the corresponding instance configuration.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Then, set [Log Integrations][18] as Docker labels:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.logs"='[{"source":"nginx","service":"nginx"}]'
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Kubernetes" xxx -->

#### Kubernetes

To configure this check for an Agent running on Kubernetes:

##### Metric collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][8] as pod annotations on your application container. Alternatively, you can configure templates with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][20].

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.check_names: '["nginx"]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.init_configs: '[{}]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.instances: |
      [
        {
          "nginx_status_url":"http://%%host%%:81/nginx_status/"
        }
      ]
  labels:
    name: nginx
spec:
  containers:
    - name: nginx
  volumes:
        - name: "config"
          configMap:
            name: "nginxconfig"
```

**Note**: This instance configuration works only with NGINX Open Source. If you are using NGINX Plus, inline the corresponding instance configuration.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Kubernetes log collection documentation][21].

Then, set [Log Integrations][22] as pod annotations. Alternatively, you can configure this with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][23].

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.logs: '[{"source":"nginx","service":"nginx"}]'
  labels:
    name: nginx
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "ECS" xxx -->

#### ECS

To configure this check for an Agent running on ECS:

##### Metric collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][19] as Docker labels on your application container:

```json
{
  "containerDefinitions": [{
    "name": "nginx",
    "image": "nginx:latest",
    "dockerLabels": {
      "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names": "[\"nginx\"]",
      "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs": "[{}]",
      "com.datadoghq.ad.instances": "[{\"nginx_status_url\":\"http://%%host%%:81/nginx_status/\"}]"
    }
  }]
}
```

**Note**: This instance configuration works only with NGINX Open Source. If you are using NGINX Plus, inline the corresponding instance configuration.

##### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
